*About Us.
Our Firm is in exist since 1985 In Kothrud, last 34 years our firm is providing professional services in the domestic market to develop the our client business.
The firm has been established to provide a platform for development of an institution to nurture the talent and create a quality hub to cater for ever increasing demands of the business community. The strategic priorities of G N Kondhare & Associates are focused on delivering value to its clients through the achievement of sustainable, efficient and reliable professional aptitude. Such confidence shall be attained while respecting quality and sovereignty.
Our firm has extensive experience in the fields of Taxation, Auditing, Accounting, Investigation and Business and Financial consultation. Honesty, commitment, dedication and integrity combined with the highest professional and personal standards form the cornerstone of all activities of the firm.

Ph.02025439829/Mob.9049077772 or apply online by sending resumes on Email. kondhareassociates@outlook.com
Career
Whether your ambition is to make Partner, become a deep technical expert, work in industry or pursue a long-term assignment. we will give you the tools you need to achieve your potential. 
Our career support and learning environment will enable you to explore a multitude of career paths and opportunities. And you can always talk to a mentor or career coach about your ambitions or connect with your performance manager about your goals and how best to achieve them. 
A lot of our people have long and successful careers at G N Kondhare & Associates Others use the skills, experience and business knowledge they develop here to go on and do amazing things outside our organization. Whatever direction your career goes, your time here will be great for your résumé. And wherever life takes you, you’ll always be part of a powerful and influential network
Our people recognize their responsibility to uphold the values we’ve established over our 34-year history. These values outline what we stand for and influence the way we behave, both with our clients and with one another.
We lead by example
At all levels acting in a way that exemplifies what we expect of each other and our firms’ clients.
We work together
Bringing out the best in each other and creating strong and successful working relationships.
We respect the individual
Respecting people for who they are and for their knowledge, skills and experience as individuals and team members.
We seek the facts and provide insight
Challenging assumptions, pursuing facts, and strengthening our reputation as trusted and objective business advisors.
We are open and honest in our communication
Sharing information, insight and advice frequently and constructively and managing tough situations with courage and candor.
We are committed to our communities
Acting as responsible corporate citizens and broadening our skills, experience, and perspectives through our work in our communities.
Above all, we act with integrity
Constantly striving to uphold the highest professional standards, provide sound advice, and rigorously maintain our independence.